Q3: 

Earlier we have learned about expressing emotions and personality via a conversational agent. Another dimension that humans tend to perceive and express is cultural background.

[Read this paper from our Stanford neighbors Heidy Maldonado and Barabar Hayes-Roth.](https://hci.stanford.edu/publications/2004/CrossCultBelievability0304/CrossCultBelievability0304.pdf)

Have a short write up answering the following questions:

---

A3:

#### 1. What is "culture"?

The "Ten Key Qualities of Animate Characters" is not only about character design, it precisely depicts what culture means.

Culture is a group of people's shared Identity, Backstory, Appearance, Content of speech, Manner of speaking, Manner of gesturing, Emotional dynamics, Social interaction patterns, Role, and Role dynamics.

Additionally, with the definitions as such, culture is also quantitable. By measuring a group of people's decisions toward a certain situations ("habits", "behaviors"), the common words they use, and the patterns of changes in behaviors, et cetera.



#### 2. Why is it useful to express culture?

It is useful for product designs to incorporate cultural understandings. Simply put, because it shows the empathy. For emotion-bot designs and character designs, it is also very crucial to tune its behaviors based on the culture. As Maldonado and Hayes-Roth's paper addressed, "believability", or "suspension of disbelief" is the primary goal of interactions: 

> "…what is primal of our interactions with the world is our suspension of disbelief, rather than an awareness of the created nature of the objects we interact with in our daily activities." 
>
> (Page 11)



Thinking about expressing culture through a fictional character, it is a must to take a look at other great storytellers. In an interview with Cooper Hewitt Museum, Pixar addressed their belief in creating the balance between believability and appeal. They believe the two factors developing the successful designs in support the story: 

> "I always believed that in order to make a really great animated film, you needed to do three things: tell a compelling STORY that keeps people on the edge of their seat, populate that story with really memorable and APPEALING characters, and put that compelling story and these memorable characters in a BELIEVABLE world. If you can do those three things really well, then the audience will be swept away and totally entertained.”
>
> — [*Pixar: The Design of Story, Cooper Hewitt*](https://collection.cooperhewitt.org/exhibitions/102147315/),  John Lasseter, Chief Creative Officer, Pixar and Walt Disney Animation Studios



#### 3. How can an agent express culture?

Maldonado and Hayes-Roth's framework approached from externality to internality: Identity, Backstory, Appearance, Content of speech, Manner of speaking, Manner of gesturing, Emotional dynamics, Social interaction patterns, Role, and Role dynamics.

Additionally, based on my interests toward screenplays, I'd also like to footnote some thoughts as I was reading _Character Development_ from The Script Lab:

> When the begin the screenwriting process, always ask yourself [the why](https://thescriptlab.com/screenwriting/script-tips/439-apply-the-why-your-story-epoxy): Why does the character ask to be in a story? What is it I feel about him or about her? Because then you begin to find out why you want to write the whole story, and what the passion of that character is, and why he wants what he wants.
>
> (_[Creating Characters](https://thescriptlab.com/screenwriting/character/creating-characters)_, The Script Lab)

The Script Lab also shared a "Character Questionnaire" for screenwriters to develop a dimensional character. Not necessary to implement all the considerations here, yet this is a great list to ponder when it comes to making an emotional support character, or bot:

> "What type of discipline was your character subjected to at home? Strict? Lenient?"
>
> "Is your character street-smart, book-smart, intelligent, intellectual, slow-witted?"
>
> "How do they see themselves: as smart, as intelligent, uneducated?"
>
> "Did they travel? Where? Why? When?"
>
> "What did they find abroad, and what did they remember?"
>
> "Who are their friends? Lovers? 'Type' or 'ideal' partner?"
>
> "What does your character's home look like? Personal taste? Clothing? Hair? Appearance?"
>
> (*[Character Questionnaire](https://thescriptlab.com/screenwriting/character/creating-characters/23-character-questionnaire),* The Script Lab)



#### 4. Many of you have characters that are not human-like (a cat, a burger, etc.) Would you consider them expressing some culture? If yes, why and how would you do that. If no, then why not?

I see every man-made work describes a certain culture and context—Intentionally or unintentionally. A work is made with a creator's point of view; and his point of view formed by all his past experiences. This is culture.

Our interview chatbot aims to help people developing their interview answers. For a bot as such, it is mainly a functional product, and the cultural approaches here are for smoothing out the roughness between mechanism and humans. 

The cultural approaches, or implications, "metaphor" came from our team's experiences. Three of us share some similar lessons and feelings as we think about coming to interviews. Therefore, though our work is apart from developing a dimensional characters, it's actually full of unintentionally traces of culture.

